---

---

### Rough idea

I want to build a swift-based mac app on Xcode 16.1. The goal is to take the user’s eyes off the screen every once in a while. Ideally, I want the users to stick to the 20-20-20 rule - take their eyes off the screen for 20 seconds every 20 minutes and look at something 20 feet away. 

1. There should be no UI and hence no icon should be shown in the dock.
2. There should be a status bar icon and it should have configuration options to adjust numbers in the 20-20-20 rule.
3. During the 20 seconds, users shouldn’t be able to do anything. It should not be possible for the user to somehow close the app or override it easily. This can be achieved by a full screen black overlay without any way to close it.
4. Use a standard way to request accessibility permission from the user if needed
5. There should be a countdown timer shown on the overlay
6. Tell the user to take their eyes off by giving them random stuff to do each time - like relax their shoulder, standup and stretch, do pushups, use the restroom, drink water, etc. during this countdown.
7. This app will not be published to the app store. So it is okay use low-level tricks to achieve the above

Follow-up 

8. ~~Update icons~~
9. ~~Make sure the app is always running. It should start automatically after restart (login Items) or if it gets killed for some reason~~
10. ~~Notify x seconds before rest period starts~~
11. ~~Remove distance setting~~
12. Remove the quit button
13. Defaulters are identified and guilted into proper behavior
14. ~~Restrict the number that can input in the status bar fields~~
15. ~~Don’t take focus off the current app~~
16. ~~Slowly fade to the overlay instead of suddenly blacking out the entire screen~~
17. ~~Add screenshot of the overlay to GitHub~~
18. ~~Screen sharing app shouldn’t pick up the overlay~~
19. ~~Support for external monitors~~
20. Transparency settings
21. Sync with calendar to prevent blackout during meetings or at the incorrect possible time

Update feature list with

22. ~~Hidden from screen sharing apps~~
23. Update .pkg with latest